JinSoul: How is the weather today, YeoJin?
YeoJin: The weather is better today than yesterday!
YeoJIn: Yesterday I got rained on and...
JinSoul: It rained heavily yesterday and it is too hot today.
JinSoul: As much as we've put a lot of effort into it, I hope it will be a high quality music video!
(The MV shooting in Jeju has ended!)
Choerry: Thank you~
JinSoul: Finally your MV shooting is ended!?
Choerry: No. Only  shooting in Jeju has ended!
JinSoul: How was it? It was super hot today?
Choerry: It's rained heavily and I even felt icky yesterday!
Choerry: And you know, today was really hot.
JinSoul: Too hot!
Choerry: But with the support from members and...
(It feels like an award speech...)
Choerry: I really want to say thank you to them.
JinSoul: It feels like we're listening a kind of awards speech, right?
HaSeul: Well, shall we move to the airport now?
(It's not the end of Choerry's LOOΠΔ TV!)
YeoJin: Yes!
HaSeul: Go!
(It's not the end of Choerry's LOOΠΔ TV!)
YeoJin: Where is the airport?